glory of Russia
Good afternoon I am from Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky, the city of Russia,
Penza Penza, you can usually ask me this from
people from Penza, what is the glory of
Russia, this is what the glory of
Russia is in my power,
once again
now, let’s all
, what is the power of Russia, for example,
Russia
produces, for example  there are the best
computers in the world so well, what is it
when it is rich in oil gas oil gas
then it is the most powerful or the
richest in oil gas
the most in it is this
let’s say I honestly don’t have much
reserves I thought that not in Russia most of
all let’s  most of all
is located there Why, for example, is
not located in the sense of being stored in the sense of being
produced,
let’s say if you say that the
largest oil and gas is produced in Russia,
why is the guy in Penza living
worse than the guy in the Czech Republic, for example, in
which there is no oil or gas, you can tell me
explain the
power
that the power
Well, the power is such a Russian power So what
then is the Glory of Russia That is, it turns out
E  if you have a lot of oil, in this case you are purely
leaning towards the material wealth of
Russia and the Czech Republic, comparing material
wealth, and that is,
to the side,
as if I don’t know the history of
Russia, the history is just the property of some of
its Victories, something else, that is, you omit it all
for  you said you material wealth
I asked what the words you said that she had
oil Is it you said they well, yes, well
, what is the glory of Russia to me
Now wait, I will send you Let's
send you
look Pozdnyakov
Who is
Pozdnyakov 03 I don’t know
[music]
[music  ]
nationalists 03 so look Here
you can briefly explain to me why
For example you have such a rich country that
only produces oil and gas And
you live You are worse than a guy in the Czech Republic who doesn’t
exist no no
I don’t need to live better than some
guy in the Czech Republic let’s say so  well
Why do you live worse than a guy in the Czech Republic
Well, the economy of us is like this why are you the
economy is like this, well, who is this economy that
makes
power power is power is the same there
Russia True Well, yes, not Russia’s power, I consider Russia as some kind of territorial pancake, what can a territorial state be called or how else can a state be called, and power is what controls it, that is, only power is to blame for all the sins that Russia once had wait, here is your power, power and Russia are different things Yes, Putin is not Russia Putin controls Russia does Russia if it does something bad maybe just territories not to people words achievement of the word achievement of whom achievement of Russia achievement completely here is the country of Russia What is the achievement of Russia Here is an example Give for example the brightest fruit of Peter 1, let's say that we take it so tightly, well, Peter's fleet [music] now you click into history in general, you will lose there, I'm talking about the principle of property you live in 2022, you can tell me well Wait, I can scream, you can from Penza some you have nothing to do with my Rus', I don’t know the meaning of your hands Well, Rus' This is where
it was Rus' before 1000 of some year that it began in Kyiv Well, this place, firstly, was the ancient Russian state of Old Russian where is the name What do you think the people who lived there called themselves the Old Russian state Yes, the ancients who lived there in the tenth century century called Old Russian the state is not modern historians there your pancake Now I will find a map where in Kyiv Who lived in Kyiv in Kyiv in my Rus' lived Well, we are Russians Ukrainians Yes, you who are in Penza will also have time for why Open the map where is Penza so What tribes generally lived on the territory Penza region on Mordva What kind of Rusichi are you and here That is, you want to say that you are Russian no I am a Ukrainian beads No you are talking about a nation this is Russian no you are Ukrainian Yes And how can you be a Ukrainian if you were born a Rusich Come on again like this You know who lives in Iran Arabs probably not there different nationalities of the regional Persians used to be called Persia where did Persia go now  It’s called Iran,
in fact, where to do Kievan Rus Yes, the
people who lived in this territory, they are
here and live, but not now they are called
Ukrainians, what did you designate
to call Russian only in the twentieth century, you
came up with it Yes, they called you something else
really
Wait a second, look
fingers
[music]
so
we take a
clearing or Drevlyans northerners Here they
lived paints on the territory of Kievan Rus
And Penza, here, poke on the map where Penza
was and look at what non-
Slavic tribes lived
there at all, some just were Slavs Are you
stupid Where in  Penza
and in Penza Now wait Yaroslavl so
Rostov
lived in Penza
now I’ll say
Well, Mordva
compared let’s compare the Slavs and the muzzle again
blue-eyed fair-haired people once again
lived in Penza Mordva Penza there Rusichs Didn’t
live in Penza really
but founded Penza Rusich wait in Penza
Russians Didn’t live  there were Mordovian tribes
founded by Russians once again Russians there was no
word Russians appeared only in this in the
twentieth slate they began to name
it turns out that Mordva lived on the territory of the Penza
region.
Where did these tribes
go? Nowhere they live there now, really
, where are you from?
in Ukraine, there is no city on the
MSC in Ukraine, so in Ukraine,
Orenburg is not Kazakhstan
Orenburg is Russia, it will be Kazakhstan
Kazakh lands, just like you came to Penza in
large numbers, Mordvins also came to
Orenburg in Kazakhs
in short, in general, so you look for someone there  then so
but you’re like a pinduk you are a resident of Penza
penzinitsa these are those who are normal
residents of Penza And you are a
pizdyuk
Happy holiday to you today is the day of the
armed forces of Ukraine
I love these things so much when from some
Penza there from Krasnodar dudes
say
we are here Russian Russians came from  course And
you are shorter there in Ukraine, some figs,
understand who you
are protracted. I didn’t pull the glory of Russia there, a
person understands that he has huge
resources.  yala,
he lives worse than a guy in the Czech Republic
who has the wrong resources, but he is shorter. And
what
should I want to live better than someone there
in the Czech Republic?
[ __ ]
instead of
ennobling his country so his
city
[music]